docs/setup.md, before:

# Setup Guide

## System Requirements

* NVIDIA GPUs with Ampere architecture (RTX 30 Series, A100) or newer
* NVIDIA driver >=570.124.06 compatible with [CUDA 12.8.1](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/archive/12.8.1/cuda-toolkit-release-notes/index.html#cuda-toolkit-major-component-versions)
* Linux x86-64
* glibc>=2.31 (e.g Ubuntu >=22.04)
* Python 3.10

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:nvidia-cosmos/cosmos-predict2.5.git
cd cosmos-predict2.5
```

Install system dependencies:

[uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/)

```shell
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
source $HOME/.local/bin/env
```

Install the package into a new environment:

```shell
uv sync
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Or, install the package into the active environment (e.g. conda):

```shell
uv sync --active --inexact
```

## Downloading Checkpoints

Checkpoints are automatically downloaded during inference and post-training. To modify the checkpoint cache location, set the [`HF_HOME](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/package_reference/environment_variables#hfhome) environment variable.

### Troubleshooting

* **CUDA driver version insufficient**: Update NVIDIA drivers to latest version compatible with CUDA 12.8.1+

Check driver compatibility:

```shell
nvidia-smi | grep "CUDA Version:"
```

* **Out of Memory (OOM) errors**: Use 2B models instead of 14B, multi-GPU, or reduce batch size/resolution

For other issues, check [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/nvidia-cosmos/cosmos-predict2.5/issues).

## Advanced

### Docker container

Please make sure you have access to Docker on your machine and the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html) is installed.

Build and run the container:

```bash
docker run --gpus all --rm -v .:/workspace -v /workspace/.venv -it $(docker build -q .)
```

Commit message:

Updates for post-training, gradio, others (#3)
This release bumps the package version to 1.1.0 and includes various improvements:

* Updates for multiview post-training
* Action-conditioned and camera-conditioned models
* Addition of gradio for model debugging
* Updates dependencies to support Blackwell
* Changes to logging

docs/setup.md, after:

# Setup Guide

## System Requirements

* NVIDIA GPUs with Ampere architecture (RTX 30 Series, A100) or newer
* NVIDIA driver >=570.124.06 compatible with [CUDA 12.8.1](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/archive/12.8.1/cuda-toolkit-release-notes/index.html#cuda-toolkit-major-component-versions)
* Linux x86-64
* glibc>=2.31 (e.g Ubuntu >=22.04)
* Python 3.10

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:nvidia-cosmos/cosmos-predict2.5.git
cd cosmos-predict2.5
```

Install system dependencies:

[uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/)

```shell
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
source $HOME/.local/bin/env
```

Install the package into a new environment:

```shell
uv sync
source .venv/bin/activate
```

Or, install the package into the active environment (e.g. conda):

```shell
uv sync --active --inexact
```

To install optional dependencies:

```shell
uv sync --all-groups
```

## Downloading Checkpoints

1. Get a [Hugging Face Access Token](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens) with `Read` permission
2. Install [Hugging Face CLI](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/cli): `uv tool install -U "huggingface_hub[cli]"`
3. Login: `hf auth login`
4. Accept the [NVIDIA Open Model License Agreement](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/Cosmos-Predict2.5-2B).

Checkpoints are automatically downloaded during inference and post-training. To modify the checkpoint cache location, set the [`HF_HOME`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/package_reference/environment_variables#hfhome) environment variable.

## Advanced

### Docker container

Please make sure you have access to Docker on your machine and the [NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html) is installed. To avoid running out of file descriptors when building the container, increase the limit with `--ulimit nofile` as in the example below.

Example build command:

```bash
docker build --ulimit nofile=131071:131071 -f Dockerfile . -t cosmos-predict-2.5
```

Example run command:

```bash
docker run --gpus all --rm -v .:/workspace -v /workspace/.venv -it cosmos-predict-2.5
```
